Remove dependency on wheel < 0.32.0 (#128)
blue-yonder/devpi-builder: CHANGELOG.rst

This lists the most important changes for each release.

Version 4.1.0 – UNRELEASED

> ==========================

Reviewer: For consistency with previous versioning this should be 5.0.0.

Fixed
-----

> * Reliance on the internal wheel api, which blocked use of latest wheel versions is now resolved.

Reviewer 2: Nitpick, but I prefer an imperative mood here, e.g.
```suggestion
* Remove dependency on the internal ``wheel`` API.
This blocked the use of ``wheel`` versions > 0.32. 
```

This lists the most important changes for each release.

Version 5.0.0 – UNRELEASED
==========================

Fixed
-----

* Remove dependency on the internal ``wheel`` API.
  This blocked the use of ``wheel`` versions >= 0.32.

Removed
-------

* Python 2 is no longer supported.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Python 3.5 is no longer supported.

```
